			    **Recipippes**
			a game for the Decktet
			   for 2-4 players
			      by @fogus
                             

GOAL   To have the most points in pawn (1pt each) and court (2pts each) cards
       when the game ends.

DECK   An extended Decktet deck with the pawns, courts, and The Excuse
       separated from the rest. Shuffle the pawns and courts together and
       set aside face down. One player says "pawn" or "court" and the top
       card is drawn. If it's the same as what the player said then they
       may choose to be either the 1st or 2nd player. The 2nd player is
       then given The Excuse and the previously drawn card is placed at
       the bottom of the pawn/court pile. The base cards are then shuffled
       thoroughly and placed away from the pawn/court pile.
 
DEAL   Deal 3 cards from the draw deck to each player. Then 3 cards are
       drawn from the pawn/court pile and placed face up between the players.

PLAY
    
On a player's turn they must take the following two actions, in order:

  - Draw a card from the top of draw deck
  
  - Take one action

The possible actions are as follows:

* Draw a card from the top of draw deck or the top of the discard pile
* Trade in cards
* Capture a pawn/court card
* Steal a pawn/court card

More information for these actions are as follows:

/Draw/

The simplest action is to draw another card in addition to the initial
mandatory draw. There is a 10-card hand size limit, but you may go over
this limit using your draw actions. If at any time the draw pile is empty
then the discard pile is shuffled and placed as the new draw pile.

/Trade/

The active player may instead discard as many cards as they wish and draw
up to the same number from the draw pile, reshuffling discards as needed.
If on your turn you are above the hand size limit then you must use the
Trade action to reduce your hand size to at most 10 cards

/Capture/

Using any combination of cards in their hand, the active player can take
one pawn/court card from the face-up display. All of the suits on the cards
captured from the face-up display must be represented on the cards used to
capture -- any "extra" suits used are ignored, but you may not use extra
cards that do not contribute to the capture. For example, The Harvest pawn
card may be captured with a combination of The Pact and The Sailor since
between them the needed Sun/Leaf/Moon suits are present while the additional
Wave suit is ignored.

Whenever a card is captured, another card is drawn from the pawn/court
deck to replace it in the display. The cards used to capture can be
arranged in any order and placed at the top of the discard pile.

/Steal/

Optionally, the active player may capture a paw/court card from the other
player by matching its suits exactly. That is, only the suits needed to
capture the card are present with no extras included. For example, The
Harvest pawn card may only be stolen from another player using a
combination of cards containing only the Moon/Sun/Leaf suits such as The
Pact and The End.

In addition to the cards used to capture, the thief must place at least
one additional card as support to the Steal action. The total value of
the support cards' ranks will determine the strength of the steal attempt.
The defending player can then choose to counter the steal by playing cards
that equal or exceed the rank total of the steal support cards. For our
purposes aces are worth 1pt, crowns 10pts, and the other cards are worth
their rank value. If the steal is defended then all the cards are discarded,
but if not then only the thief's card are discarded. The player who was
stolen from gets The Excuse or keeps it if they already held it.

The cards used to steal and defend can be arranged in any order and placed
at the top of the discard pile by the player who was stolen from.

The Excuse is used only as a tie-breaking point card. Players cannot use
The Excuse directly, but it will potentially change hands numerous times
during a game. In the absence of Theft during a game the second player
will hold the card. Otherwise, the player who was last stolen from will
hold The Excuse.

SCORING

When the pawn/court draw deck is exhausted each player gets one more turn
to capture or steal, after which the game ends. However, the game will
end immediately once the draw deck has been exhausted for the second time.

The players then add up their points (1pt for pawns, 2pts for courts).
The player with the highest score wins. In the case of a tie the player
holding The Excuse wins.

