                           **Yaniv (יניב)**
                             from Isreal
                           for 2-5 players
                             

GOAL   To earn the fewest points each round and to have the fewest points at
       the end of the game. The game should consist of a number of rounds
	   equally divisible by the number of players or end when any player 
	   reaches a certain score.

DECK   For 2-3 players use a standard French pack with two jokers. For 4-5 
       players combine two such decks. Cards are shuffled before the deal.
 
DEAL   The dealer distributes 5-cards to each player one at a time. The 
       remaining cards form a /stock/ and the top card is overturned to 
       form a /dump pile/ pile.

PLAY
  
The start player of the first round is chosen randomly, every other round 
is started by the player who won the previous round.
    
On a players turn may take one of the following two actions:

  - Discard a /set/ or single card to the dump pile and THEN pick up ONE
    available card.
  
  - Call "Yaniv" to end the round only if the value of the cards in your 
    hand is less than six points.

Sets that may be thrown to the discard pile are as follows:

  - Two or more cards of the same rank.
  - A sequence of three or more consecutive cards of the same suit. Aces are
    always low-cards. A joker may be used in a sequence to substitute for any
    one card.
    
Sequences must be laid on the dump pile in rank order, low to high but sets
may be laid with the suits in any order that you wish.

Your may take ONE of the following:

  - The top card of the stock.
  - One of the cards discarded to the dump pile by the previous player. If a
    sequence was discarded then you may ONLY take the first OR the last card
    in said sequence. If a set was laid then you may only take one of the end
    cards.

SCORING

When a player calls "Yaniv" all players then reveal their hand and the scores
are calculated according to the points below:

  - Aces are worth 1 point each.
  - Ranked cards (i.e. 2-10) are worth their rank.
  - Face cards are worth 10 points each.
  - Jokers are worth zero points each.

If the caller indeed has the lowest score then they instead score zero
points. However, if someone else has the same score or lower than the caller
then the caller receives a 30-point penalty in addition to the points in 
hand.
