		       **Temple (aka 大富豪)**
                             from Japan
			   for 4-7 players

Temple is a variantion of the game Daifugo (大富豪) from Japan which is also
playing in the United States under the name President, Scum, or Asshole. These
games are often played with house rules and variations and this is one such
way to play and the way that my family plays. Unlike most games of this genre,
Temple is enhanced with a little role-playing but it's not strictly required.

GOAL   To shed all of your cards before all of the other players and retain or
       enhance your social standing within the game.

DECK   Shuffle a standard pack of playing cards, including both Jokers.
 
DEAL   Deal cards to the players according to the number of players:
	 4 = 13 cards, 5 = 10 cards, 6 = 8 cards, 7 = 7 cards
       Set the remaining cards aside without looking at them.

PLAY
  
The are four primary roles in this game.  The emporer is the highest ranking
player followed by the nephew.  The lowest ranked player is called the idiot
who is only superseded by the prole.  Everyone else in the game is ranked as
an undifferentiated collective with spurious social mobility.
    
Starting with the emporer each player plays a set or passes. Each played set
must consist of a higher rank than the previously played set.

The ranks are as follows:

		   Joker < Ace < 2 … 10 < J < K < Q

Jokers are wild but may never be used as Queens. By themselves, Jokers are
considered the lowest ranked cards.

Sets are composed as follows:

  - Single - any one card
  - Pair - 2 cards of the same rank
  - Triple - 3 cards of the same rank
  - Quad - 4 cards of the same rank
  - Run - 3 or more consecutive cards
  - Tube - 3 consecutive pairs
  - Plate - 2 consecutive triples

Play proceeds until someone sheds all of their cards.  The first person to run
out of cards is the emperor for the next round.  The second person becomes the
nephew and so on until the last person remaining becomes the idiot.  Special
cards are cashed in and seats are exchanged according to social rankings.

EXCHANGE

A fresh hand is dealt and then cards are exchanged according to the following:

The idiot gives the demagogue their two highest ranked cards in exchange for whatever the demagogue wishes to give.
The prole gives the nephew their single highest ranked card in exchange for whatever the nephew wishes to give.

Before play of the hand begins the idiot may look through the left-over cards and exchange one for one of their cards.

Players may come and go as they see fit and new players always start as one of the indistinguishable collective.


SCORING

Odio morbi quis commodo odio aenean sed adipiscing diam donec. Diam in arcu
cursus euismod quis viverra nibh. Posuere urna nec tincidunt praesent semper.
Neque convallis a cras semper auctor neque vitae tempus.
